content/writeups/resources.md, before:



## General CTF Resources

|  | External Resource & Notes / Cheat Sheets  |
|---------|------------------------|
| **Getting Started**     | [How to install Kali Linux in VMware Player + VMware Tools](https://www.shaileshjha.com/how-to-install-kali-linux-in-vmware-player-vmware-tools/)   |
|                         | [How to install Kali Linux on VirtualBox](https://www.nakivo.com/blog/how-to-install-kali-linux-on-virtualbox/) |
|                         | [First CTF Info and Setup](https://berzerk0.github.io/GitPage/How-To-Guides/FirstCTF_1of2_InfoAndSetup.html)    |
| **Preparation Guides**  | [What exactly is CTF and how can I prepare?](https://security.stackexchange.com/questions/193004/what-exactly-is-ctf-and-how-can-i-as-programmer-prepare-for-a-ctf-with-beginner) |
|                         | [How to prepare for a Capture the Flag hacking competition](https://www.cbtnuggets.com/blog/training/exam-prep/how-to-prepare-for-a-capture-the-flag-hacking-competition) |
|                         | [Trail of Bits CTF Guide](https://trailofbits.github.io/ctf/)  |
|                         | [Tools of Trade and Resources for CTF](https://resources.infosecinstitute.com/tools-of-trade-and-resources-to-prepare-in-a-hacker-ctf-competition-or-challenge/#gref) |
|                         | [Capture the Flag - Like a Girl](https://code.likeagirl.io/capture-the-flag-58c17cdc103)    |
| **Virtual Machines**    | [SIFT VM](https://www.sans.org/tools/sift-workstation/) &#124; [SIFT Cheat Sheet](https://www.sans.org/posters/sift-cheat-sheet/) |
|                         | [Kali VM](https://www.kali.org/docs/introduction/download-official-kali-linux-images/) &#124; [Kali Cheat Sheet](https://www.comparitech.com/net-admin/kali-linux-cheat-sheet/)  |
|                         | [Flare VM (Windows)](https://github.com/mandiant/flare-vm)    |
|                         | [REMnux](https://docs.remnux.org/)    |
| **Tools**               | [Wireshark](https://www.wireshark.org) |
|                         | [NetworkMiner](https://www.netresec.com/?page=NetworkMiner)  |
| **Web Tools**           | [CyberChef](https://gchq.github.io/CyberChef/#input=UFBLS3tSU0dfSFNIX0lTRV9UklOTU1YX1dDX0NMU0pEfQ)|
|                         | [XOR Online](https://xor.pw/)|
|                         | [PHP Decoder](https://www.unphp.net/)  |
|                         | [DCode](https://www.dcode.fr/) |
|                         | [Steganography Tools](https://0xrick.github.io/lists/stego/)   |

**Tips:**
- CTFs require a variety of tools; check the questions for hints.
- Switching between Windows and Linux tools is common (e.g., Ghidra is easier to install on Kali).
- Organize your files in a dedicated CTF folder.
- Kali and SIFT VMs come with many useful tools; having both is helpful.


---

## Ubuntu Only

### Install Sift_cli to Linux

```bash
sudo apt install curl -y
cd /opt/ || exit
sudo curl -Lo /usr/local/bin/sift https://github.com/teamdfir/sift-cli/releases/download/v1.14.0-rc1/sift-cli-linux
sudo chmod +x /usr/local/bin/sift
sudo apt-get update
sift install --mode=desktop
```

### Install Remnux_cli to Linux

```bash
sudo apt install wget -y
cd /opt/ || exit
sudo wget https://REMnux.org/remnux-cli
echo 'Check to make sure these match'
echo '23c7f4eefa7599ea2c4156f083906ea5fd99df18f306e4bb43eec0430073985a'
sha256sum remnux-cli
sudo mv remnux-cli /usr/local/bin/remnux
sudo chmod +x /usr/local/bin/remnux
sudo apt-get update
sudo remnux install --mode=addon
```

### Install NetworkMiner

```bash
cd ~/Desktop || exit
sudo apt install mono-devel -y
wget https://www.netresec.com/?download=NetworkMiner -O /tmp/nm.zip
sudo unzip /tmp/nm.zip -d /opt/
cd /opt/NetworkMiner* || exit
sudo chmod +x NetworkMiner.exe
sudo chmod -R go+w AssembledFiles/
sudo chmod -R go+w Captures/
sudo apt install gnupg ca-certificates
sudo apt-key adv --keyserver hkp://keyserver.ubuntu.com:80 --recv-keys 3FA7E0328081BFF6A14DA29AA6A19B38D3D831EF
echo "deb https://download.mono-project.com/repo/ubuntu stable-bionic main" | sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/mono-official-stable.list
sudo apt update -y
sudo apt install mono-devel -y
cd ~/Desktop/ || exit
echo '#!/bin/bash' > NetworkMiner
echo 'sudo /opt/NetworkMiner_2-7-1/NetworkMiner.exe' >> CLI-Type-networkminer-to-run
chmod +x NetworkMiner
sudo cp NetworkMiner /bin/networkminer
```

Commit message:

Large Reorg, Optimize Category Pages and sub list. Removed navigation list from all pages in favor of the colapsable side menus only. Added/Changed onscreen tags and category lists at the top of the pages. Added ETA Time reading counter. The images on the post should also now resize to fit mobile devices. Added small nav bar at the top of the pages. Fixed up the Footer.

content/writeups/resources.md, after:

+++
title = "CTF Resources"
description = "A curated list of resources and tools for Capture The Flag (CTF) competitions."
type = "writeups"
tags = ["CTF", "Resources", "Cheat Sheets", "Tools", "Capture The Flag", "Hacking", "Cybersecurity"]
categories = ["CTF", "Resources", "Cheat Sheets", "Tools"]
seo_title = "CTF Resources - Tools and Cheat Sheets for Capture The Flag Competitions"
seo_description = "Explore a curated list of resources, tools, and cheat sheets to help you succeed in Capture The Flag (CTF) competitions."
seo_keywords = ["CTF Resources", "Capture The Flag Tools", "CTF Cheat Sheets", "Hacking Resources", "Cybersecurity Tools", "CTF Preparation", "CTF Competitions", "Hacking Challenges", "CTF Learning", "Cybersecurity Education"]
+++

## General CTF Resources

|                        | External Resource & Notes / Cheat Sheets                                                                                                                                          |
| ---------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Getting Started**    | [How to install Kali Linux in VMware Player + VMware Tools](https://www.shaileshjha.com/how-to-install-kali-linux-in-vmware-player-vmware-tools/)                                 |
|                        | [How to install Kali Linux on VirtualBox](https://www.nakivo.com/blog/how-to-install-kali-linux-on-virtualbox/)                                                                   |
|                        | [First CTF Info and Setup](https://berzerk0.github.io/GitPage/How-To-Guides/FirstCTF_1of2_InfoAndSetup.html)                                                                      |
| **Preparation Guides** | [What exactly is CTF and how can I prepare?](https://security.stackexchange.com/questions/193004/what-exactly-is-ctf-and-how-can-i-as-programmer-prepare-for-a-ctf-with-beginner) |
|                        | [How to prepare for a Capture the Flag hacking competition](https://www.cbtnuggets.com/blog/training/exam-prep/how-to-prepare-for-a-capture-the-flag-hacking-competition)         |
|                        | [Trail of Bits CTF Guide](https://trailofbits.github.io/ctf/)                                                                                                                     |
|                        | [Tools of Trade and Resources for CTF](https://resources.infosecinstitute.com/tools-of-trade-and-resources-to-prepare-in-a-hacker-ctf-competition-or-challenge/#gref)             |
|                        | [Capture the Flag - Like a Girl](https://code.likeagirl.io/capture-the-flag-58c17cdc103)                                                                                          |
| **Virtual Machines**   | [SIFT VM](https://www.sans.org/tools/sift-workstation/) &#124; [SIFT Cheat Sheet](https://www.sans.org/posters/sift-cheat-sheet/)                                                 |
|                        | [Kali VM](https://www.kali.org/docs/introduction/download-official-kali-linux-images/) &#124; [Kali Cheat Sheet](https://www.comparitech.com/net-admin/kali-linux-cheat-sheet/)   |
|                        | [Flare VM (Windows)](https://github.com/mandiant/flare-vm)                                                                                                                        |
|                        | [REMnux](https://docs.remnux.org/)                                                                                                                                                |
| **Tools**              | [Wireshark](https://www.wireshark.org)                                                                                                                                            |
|                        | [NetworkMiner](https://www.netresec.com/?page=NetworkMiner)                                                                                                                       |
| **Web Tools**          | [CyberChef](https://gchq.github.io/CyberChef/#input=UFBLS3tSU0dfSFNIX0lTRV9UklOTU1YX1dDX0NMU0pEfQ)                                                                                |
|                        | [XOR Online](https://xor.pw/)                                                                                                                                                     |
|                        | [PHP Decoder](https://www.unphp.net/)                                                                                                                                             |
|                        | [DCode](https://www.dcode.fr/)                                                                                                                                                    |
|                        | [Steganography Tools](https://0xrick.github.io/lists/stego/)                                                                                                                      |

**Tips:**
- CTFs require a variety of tools; check the questions for hints.
- Switching between Windows and Linux tools is common (e.g., Ghidra is easier to install on Kali).
- Organize your files in a dedicated CTF folder.
- Kali and SIFT VMs come with many useful tools; having both is helpful.


---

## Ubuntu Only

### Install Sift_cli to Linux

```bash
sudo apt install curl -y
cd /opt/ || exit
sudo curl -Lo /usr/local/bin/sift https://github.com/teamdfir/sift-cli/releases/download/v1.14.0-rc1/sift-cli-linux
sudo chmod +x /usr/local/bin/sift
sudo apt-get update
sift install --mode=desktop
```

### Install Remnux_cli to Linux

```bash
sudo apt install wget -y
cd /opt/ || exit
sudo wget https://REMnux.org/remnux-cli
echo 'Check to make sure these match'
echo '23c7f4eefa7599ea2c4156f083906ea5fd99df18f306e4bb43eec0430073985a'
sha256sum remnux-cli
sudo mv remnux-cli /usr/local/bin/remnux
sudo chmod +x /usr/local/bin/remnux
sudo apt-get update
sudo remnux install --mode=addon
```

### Install NetworkMiner

```bash
cd ~/Desktop || exit
sudo apt install mono-devel -y
wget https://www.netresec.com/?download=NetworkMiner -O /tmp/nm.zip
sudo unzip /tmp/nm.zip -d /opt/
cd /opt/NetworkMiner* || exit
sudo chmod +x NetworkMiner.exe
sudo chmod -R go+w AssembledFiles/
sudo chmod -R go+w Captures/
sudo apt install gnupg ca-certificates
sudo apt-key adv --keyserver hkp://keyserver.ubuntu.com:80 --recv-keys 3FA7E0328081BFF6A14DA29AA6A19B38D3D831EF
echo "deb https://download.mono-project.com/repo/ubuntu stable-bionic main" | sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/mono-official-stable.list
sudo apt update -y
sudo apt install mono-devel -y
cd ~/Desktop/ || exit
echo '#!/bin/bash' > NetworkMiner
echo 'sudo /opt/NetworkMiner_2-7-1/NetworkMiner.exe' >> CLI-Type-networkminer-to-run
chmod +x NetworkMiner
sudo cp NetworkMiner /bin/networkminer
```
